# Videos description

- **cooking-1**: The users asks the system for recipes suggestions, then performs some steps, telling the system that he/she is ready for the next step. The user then backtracks a few steps, skips a few steps and asks the system to repeat the amount of an ingredient, without specifying which ingredient. Finally, the user asks to have a step repeated and performs all the remaining steps, completing the recipe.
- **cooking-2**: The user triggers a fallback response to show that the system will ask to rephrase, then asks two out-of-scope questions. Then he/she selects a recipe but denies the explicit confirmation and the system proposes some recipes. The user selects another recipe, but then changes mind and selects another one. The system asks for confirmation without asking the number of people again. The user performs a few steps, then starts a different recipe, and finally asks to repeat the entire ingredient list.
- **list**: The user selects a recipe directly (without asking for suggestions), then while preparing it, he/she asks to add the ongoing recipe to the shopping list. After that the user asks to add another recipe to the list and is guided by the system. Then the list is accessed by page, one item is removed and one is added. The user then stops the recipe and tells the machine to proceed to the next step, only to be denied because no recipe is running.
- **unknown-recipe**: Here the users selects a recipe, muffins, that is not present in the database. It is however present in the NLU data, so the system is able to trigger the proper response, telling the user that he/she requested a recipe that the system doesn't know. However when the user asks for bananas, which aren't present neither in the recipes database nor in the NLU data, the system doesn't trigger the appropriate response. This is an example of the system failing to generalize.
- **ambiguous**: The user provides ambiguous inputs, first by asking two recipes at once, then by providing two different numbers of people to cook for. The video shows how the system recovers the correct slots.
